Ref #7873 and #7874. RTOS concepts (#112)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/concepts/rtos/index.md

<br/><br/>

### FreeRTOS RTOS

<br/><br/>

<img align="left" width="140" style="padding-right: 25px;"  src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4e/Logo_freeRTOS.png">

[FreeRTOS](https://www.freertos.org/) is an open source real-time operating system (RTOS) for embedded systems. FreeRTOS supports many different architectures and compiler toolchains, and is designed to be "small, simple, and easy to use". It has scalable size, with usable program memory footprint as low as 9KB. There is support for 40+ MCU architectures and 15+ toolchains, including the latest RISC-V and ARMv8-M (Arm Cortex-M33) microcontrollers. In order to obtain more information, please visit [FreeRTOS overview page](https://www.freertos.org/FreeRTOS-quick-start-guide.html).

<br/><br/>

### Zephyr RTOS

<br/><br/>

<img align="left" width="140" style="padding-right: 25px;"  src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/Zephyr-logo.png">

> [Zephyr](https://www.zephyrproject.org/) RTOS is based on a small-footprint kernel designed for use on resource-constrained and embedded systems: from simple embedded environmental sensors and LED wearables to sophisticated embedded controllers, smart watches, and IoT wireless applications. The Zephyr kernel supports multiple architectures, including ARM Cortex-M, Intel x86, ARC, NIOS II, Tensilica Xtensa and RISC-V 32. Zephyr implements a subset of the embedded [POSIX profiles](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/guides/portability/posix.html). In order to obtain more information, please visit [Zephyr getting started guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/introduction/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Zephyr](https://www.zephyrproject.org/) RTOS is based on a small-footprint kernel designed for use on resource-constrained and embedded systems: from simple embedded environmental sensors and LED wearables to sophisticated embedded controllers, smartwatches, and IoT wireless applications. The Zephyr kernel supports multiple architectures, including ARM Cortex-M, Intel x86, ARC, NIOS II, Tensilica Xtensa and RISC-V 32. Zephyr implements a subset of the embedded [POSIX profiles](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/guides/portability/posix.html). In order to obtain more information, please visit [Zephyr getting started guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/introduction/index.html).
```
